What are the problems that the users are facing in Security Operations Center? Please write at most five prioritized issues in 
order of importance (high to low). You should give the following information about each problem:
- What is the problem?
- What makes the problem important?
- How the problem can be solved?
- What are the possible results and changes in the organization using the solution?

Each area should be at most 300 words.


Problem & Solution & Impact 1:
**The increased volume of security alerts is one of the bigest problems that SOC must deal with.**
With the massive growth of security alerts received, valuable analyst time is being consumed to sort through the large number of security alerts. This may result in inappropriate delays and waste of time and sometime even this will result in alerts being missed or those that have more damaging consequences slip through. To solve this problem, analysts' time would be better spent working on the more sophisticated alerts that need human intervention, as well as proactively threat hunting, in order to minimize the time from breach discovery to resolution.


Problem & Solution & Impact 2:
**Management of a large number of security tools is another big problem.**
As SOCs and CSIRTs embrace a greater range of security suites, it becomes increasingly challenging to efficiently monitor all of the data provided by the growing number of data points and sources that makes alert and event management insufficient. To solve this problem it is important to be able to have a central source and single platform to summarize all of the information as it is being generated and to be able to have a overall view of all security environment to manage, monitor, and measure security operations and incident response processes effectively.



Problem & Solution & Impact 3:
**SOC alert fatigue**
As the number of security devices increases, the logs amount generated by these kind of devices also increase. Most SIEMs and threat management systems can log millions of events, producing thousands and thousands of alerts each day. But even with all the automation efforts to filter out the noise, there is always a large number of alerts that can't be easily categorize and filter out by an automated tool. Deciding whether an event is malicious or not is actually a really hard problem and not even Artificial Intelligence can really do it with 100% correctness. That is why sometimes it is better to use a trained eye of a skilled cyber security or SOC analyst. 


Problem & Solution & Impact 4:
**Being Uncertain about the mission and  budget constraints**
The Confusion of SOC staffers is another big problem. In many cases, SOC managers did not have a clear idea as to which business assets such as applications and data were most important to protect. As a result, they had little idea of which threats were most important to focus on. To be effective, SOC staffers must have a clear idea of what they are required to protect and why. Despite that another problem can be budget shortage and to have difficulty obtaining the funds needed to maintain an adequate capability. In my opinion The most effective security operations teams are the ones that have clear idea what they protect, commitment to the mission from top leadership down, and have a focus on continuous improvement and ultimately have access to adequate equipment and funds.

Problem & Solution & Impact 5:
**Skills shortage, staff shortage and lack of knowledge transfer between analysts**
A SOC's ability to rapidly identify, prioritize, and respond to security problems relies heavily on human analysts. While many tools exist to assist organizations in collecting and analyzing large amounts of security and event data, human professionals provide the context and situational awareness required to mitigate threats. In the security industry, it is quite difficult to find trained, experienced personnel. also  knowledge transfer is particularly important within a security operations center and incident response teams, in order to ensure the correct response and process takes place within the minimal amount of time, reducing the time to incident detection and time to incident resolution. This lack of knowledge transfer can inevitably lead to increased response times and wasted resources.
